Show warnings if package versions do not match (#39)
audeering/audobject: docs/usage.rst

    o_yaml = o.to_yaml_s()
    print(o_yaml)

Loading it with a newer version of the package
works without problems.

.. jupyter-execute::

    __version__ = '1.1.0'

    o2 = audobject.from_yaml_s(o_yaml)
    print(o2)

But if we load it with an older version,
a warning will be shown.

> When a warning should be shown can be controlled with
> :attr:`audobject.config.PACKAGE_MISMATCH_WARN_LEVEL`.

Reviewer: I would be a little bit more explicit here, maybe:

```suggestion
We can force it to show no warning at all,
or always show a warning
when the package version does not match
by adjusting
:attr:`audobject.config.PACKAGE_MISMATCH_WARN_LEVEL`.
```
